Hi Danny,
A couple of things regarding the script writer:
1. I would want to share with you that I think the first thing that we can improve inside of this is the books. Whenever generating scripts through it, the hook it was giving me was giving me books like titles. For example the titles that we use in crowds or the cheat sheets. It was giving me looks like that. But in today's day to whatever videos we see online, I think only those hooks work in videos which are more conversational.
2. This is one script which says "If you're still using ChatGPT or Gemini, you are lost as a founder. Try these tools instead." So this was a more conversational book. It was all giving me some conversation books, but I think it was giving me more of those hooks which felt like titles and not hooks conversational.

Video or it's a storytelling video so we give these three options to the viewer to the user of the scriptwriter app that okay what is a mistake out there and we can improve that thing on our part and in order to do that what i think is our content skeleton structure should some look something like this we start with a video purpose first now what i think is each video no matter what video you give each video can be broken down into these three categories either it's an authority video, it's an educational video, or it's a storytelling video so we give these three options to the viewer to the user or the scriptwriter app that okay what is your video purpose? Is it an authority video, it's an educational, or just a storytelling video we give these three examples after heat it doesn't even take a second to click on any other options after video purpose happens we move on to video angle now this is very very important to include video angle I'll give an example of how a video angle looks like it talks about everything: what is the video about, what it shows the viewers, for whom it is, everything and what we can do is either the user can give us a detailed video angle idea or what we can do is we can give them an option or a feature inside of the app itself that they can generate a detailed one inside of the app itself now this is very very important because this will be used as an understanding by the scriptwriter app to generate the final script then we give the final problem that okay this is the final problem then we give the core value now what I mentioned is not every video, as I mentioned, not every video consists of a problem or solution but I still included a problem but instead of solution, I've included core value because we cannot boil down everything, every value inside of a particular script as a solution so we positioned the solution as a core value that this is the core value it gives and then we go on to hooks and then cpa I think and one another very very important thing right now the scriptwriter app is what it is doing is it is simply taking up the problem and the solution; it is simply copying and pasting that and this is something even ChatGPT can do. I think it can do better than that. Better than the scriptwriter app. It can simply tell ChatGPT, "This is a problem, this is your code value, this is a hook, this is a city," and it can simply generate. What we need to do is we need the scriptwriter app to understand the video purpose, video angle, problem, and core value. This is what I've written here. It means to understand and analyze that and then generate a script and not copy-paste those statements. Right? This is something it must do. And for core value and solution, I already told that while generating the final script, the scriptwriter app must conduct a proper research and expand upon. For example, I paste any code value. "Okay, this is the code value I want to deliver." Then when the final script is created, it must be made sure that it only the majority of the script is talking about the core value and not about any random fluff and it itself expands a bit upon the core value on the basis of the 
3. If you could explicitly mention this, that while generating works, it can be more conversational in the room like in all the books that it generates. It needs to be conversational and feel like if the speaker is actually talking to the viewers. I think if we could explicitly add that it would help us a lot more.
4. Another thing is these solution statements. While I was generating the solution statements, it was okay, but the way it was using solution statements in the script was not pretty right because it was simply copy-pasting the solution statements and it was talking about the solution statements only that much what I pasted out here and after that it was talking about random fluff (let's say what are the trends? What are the case studies or whatever it is?). But what we need to see in the script is that the scriptwriter app expands on the solution and then majority of the script is focused on the solution itself. That is focused on giving a value itself and not talking about random fluff.
5. So I think this is one change that it must make and to actually bring this change I think we need to bring a change in how our content skeleton structure looks like because right now our content skeleton structure looks like starting with a problem, then solution, then hook and see. But we need to change it a bit in order to get a good script because not each video can be boiled down or broken down into a problem-solution statement. There are multiple other types of videos as well. So if you try to bring down or boil down each video into a problem-solution statement, I think we are making a mistake out there and we can improve that thing on our part.
6. In order to do that, what I think is our content skeleton structure should look something like this: We start with a video purpose first. Now what I think is each video, no matter what video you give, can be broken down into these three categories: either it's an authority video, or it's an education video.